X1.In the Prison

You wounded an innocent person. So you went to prison. You will be in prison for  at least 5 years.  What will you do now ?
1.Think of  an idea to escape prison. -->  X.2.Think of  an  idea
2.I will not escape. i will wait 5 years. --> G1.GameOver

X2.Think of an idea

You've been in prison for three days. You watched the guardians, prisoners , breakfast times , dinner, all the time and you found a hint .. All of the activities take place in  a certain order .
1..Get an escape companion. ---->X3.With Companion
2.Give a bribe to guardians. --->Y1. With Guardian


X3.With Companion
You met Zirkov Ubah . He is russian and civil engineer. His sentence is 15 years. He is the right guy to make a friend. And most importantly, he's your roommate.
His plan is dismantle the toilet of the prison room and go down to the sewer. After reaching 100m in sewer , reach the infirmary's door and escape from there with a boat.

1.Tell the plan to Zirkov. -->X4.Starting digging with friend .
2.Wait, get an another friend. -->Y1.With Guardian




Y1.With Guardian
Guardian Mr.Owen is a corrupt guard. He took the bribe.  He provided to you hammer,cigaratte , knife , and some materials. He wants  $500 for the materials. What will you do now ?
If you don't give her $500, he may not be able to help in the future so think carefully.
1.Give 500 dollars. -->Y2.Starting  digging.
2.Give 250 dollars. --> Z1. Problems with guardian.


Y2.Starting digging.
This prison is built on an island. If you want to escape you have to find a boat. Nearest town 50km away from here.  You have to digging with secretly because your roommate shouldn't know .
You're lucky the guard won't have any trouble getting you a boat because you gave him the bribe he wanted. But he wants more.
1.Give him what he wants. Y3. Escape successful
2.Don't give .. ---> G2.GameOver  Guardian

Z1.Problems with guardian
The guard still wants money from you, says he'il rat you out if you don't give him what you want.
1.Give him what he wants. Y3. Escape successful
2.Don't give .. ---> G2.GameOver  Guardian



X4.Starting digging with fried

With Zirkov, you finished the excavation very quickly. Zirkov arranged the boat for the escape and made things easier for you.

1.Y3.Escape Succesfull

Y3.Escape Succesfull
Congratulations, you've managed to escape from prison. It was a little hard, but I knew you'd make it.

1.Play again.. -->A0.Introduction





